## Different implementations of Lenstra's elliptic curve factorization algorithm (i.e. "breaking" elliptic curve cryptography)

Here is some SageMath code I wrote at my cryptography REU at the University of Kansas. It consists of several different implementations of Lenstra's elliptic curve factoring algorithm, specifically using different generating functions for coefficients $k$ as in step 3 of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lenstra_elliptic-curve_factorization. Included in the code is the ability to modulate between different generative methods for these coefficients and compare their accuracy given different constraints placed on the randomly generated elliptic curves.

Lenstra's elliptic curve algorithm is the third-fastest known algorithm for general-purpose integer factorization, which one might use to (try to) decrypt messages encrypted using modern methods, such as RSA and elliptic curves. Basically the entire notion of encryption hinges on the fact that it is (currently) difficult to factor large numbers, which are in practice typically "semi-primes" (i.e. the product of two prime numbers) hundreds of digits long. 

I found a couple of interesting results, but only on semiprimes small enough to run on my computer, which may not reflect cryptographic qualities at scale. Nonetheless, these results in particular were:
- The relationship between the max iterations on a particular curve and number of elliptic curves generated can be exploited, especially when computational cost is an issue. Given a particular randomly generated elliptic curve, it might be beneficial to only perform a fairly small number of point additions on the curve before "giving up" on that curve and generating a new one, since some classes of elliptic curves tend to find a prime factor very quickly or not at all.
- Factorial is the most effective of the three generating functions I tried over "general purpose" elliptic curves of the form $y^2 ≡ x^3 + ax + b \mod n$ (i.e. when $b\neq 0$) for finding prime factors of big numbers.
- A generating function that I thought was really bad ($2^k$ for integer $k$) ended up finding prime factorizations very efficiently over a special class of elliptic curves, namely of the form $y^2 ≡ x^3 + ax \mod n$ (i.e. when $b=0$.)
- We are probably safe to keep using RSA and ECC.
